OSDOCS-17165-graceful-restart CQA (#117125)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/graceful-restart.adoc

[id="graceful-restart_{context}"]
= Restarting the cluster

[role="_abstract"]
You can restart the cluster after a graceful shutdown by powering on nodes, uncordoning schedulable nodes, and approving pending certificate signing requests (CSRs) if nodes are not ready. The cluster returns to normal operations after all nodes and Operators are healthy.

.Prerequisites

* You have access to the cluster as a user with the `cluster-admin` role.
* You have gracefully shut down your cluster.

.Procedure

. Turn on the control plane nodes.

> . If you are using the `admin.kubeconfig` from the cluster installation and the API virtual IP address (VIP) is up, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: I don't think this should be a separate step from the step to turn on the control plane nodes. The original structure, where step 1 has two unordered substeps, makes sense.
```suggestion
** If you are using the `admin.kubeconfig` from the cluster installation and the API virtual IP address (VIP) is up, complete the following steps:
```

.. Set the `KUBECONFIG` environment variable to the `admin.kubeconfig` path.
.. Uncordon each control plane node in the cluster by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm uncordon <node>
----

> . If you do not have access to your `admin.kubeconfig` credentials, complete the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** If you do not have access to your `admin.kubeconfig` credentials, complete the following steps:
```
This should be a substep of step 1.

ip-10-0-250-100.ec2.internal   Ready    worker                 69m   v1.35.0
----
+

> If the cluster did not start properly, restore to a previous cluster state using an etcd backup. See Additional resources.

Reviewer: Do not state "in the Additional resources section" or other variants of that phrase. https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#lead-in-link-sentences
```suggestion
If the cluster did not start properly, follow the steps in "Restoring to a previous cluster state".
```

ip-10-0-250-100.ec2.internal   Ready    worker                 69m   v1.35.0
----
+

> If the cluster did not start properly, follow the steps ini "Restoring to a previous cluster state".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the cluster did not start properly, follow the steps in "Restoring to a previous cluster state".
```
